Is this the aunt?
Well, it's this beautiful aunt
She was going to take me to you
And she got a phone call.
Said to let me wait for her where I was
Then he came back and stood across the road
Let me through.
Then I went over and got hit by a car
Dad, is that aunt your friend?
Why didn't he come to see me?
He's not my friend.
Don't go with others casually after Qingqing
Xiaoxi, I have something to go out
You stay with Qingqing
Mommy, what's wrong with dad?
He doesn't seem happy.
What did you just say?
I just told my dad about my car accident.
Mr. Huo, I have checked
It was indeed Miss Lin who took today away
I also found the driver of that trick
He also admitted that it was Miss Lin Xiao Su's
Oh, I see.
Brother Lin Chenxi of Zeyuan